alduin.vim                            base16_classic_light.vim           base16_material_palenight.vim       distinguished.vim
angr.vim                              base16_classic.vim                 base16_material.vim                 durant.vim
apprentice.vim                        base16_codeschool.vim              base16_material_vivid.vim           fairyfloss.vim
atomic.vim                            base16_colors.vim                  base16_materia.vim                  fruit_punch.vim
ayu_dark.vim                          base16color.vim                    base16_mellow_purple.vim            google_dark.vim
ayu_light.vim                         base16_cupcake.vim                 base16_mexico_light.vim             google_light.vim
ayu_mirage.vim                        base16_cupertino.vim               base16_mocha.vim                    hybridline.vim
badwolf.vim                           base16_darktooth.vim               base16_monokai.vim                  hybrid.vim
base16_3024.vim                       base16_decaf.vim                   base16_nord.vim                     jellybeans.vim
base16_adwaita.vim                    base16_default_dark.vim            base16_nova.vim                     jet.vim
base16_apathy.vim                     base16_default_light.vim           base16_oceanicnext.vim              kalisi.vim
base16_ashes.vim                      base16_default.vim                 base16_ocean.vim                    kolor.vim
base16_atelier_cave_light.vim         base16_dracula.vim                 base16_onedark.vim                  laederon.vim
base16_atelier_cave.vim               base16_edge_dark.vim               base16_one_light.vim                lessnoise.vim
base16_atelier_dune_light.vim         base16_edge_light.vim              base16_outrun_dark.vim              lighthaus.vim
base16_atelier_dune.vim               base16_eighties.vim                base16_papercolor_dark.vim          light.vim
base16_atelierdune.vim                base16_embers.vim                  base16_papercolor_light.vim         lucius.vim
base16_atelier_estuary_light.vim      base16_espresso.vim                base16_paraiso.vim                  luna.vim
base16_atelier_estuary.vim            base16_flat.vim                    base16_phd.vim                      minimalist.vim
base16_atelier_forest_light.vim       base16_framer.vim                  base16_pico.vim                     molokai.vim
base16_atelier_forest.vim             base16_fruit_soda.vim              base16_pop.vim                      monochrome.vim
base16_atelierforest.vim              base16_gigavolt.vim                base16_porple.vim                   murmur.vim
base16_atelier_heath_light.vim        base16_github.vim                  base16_railscasts.vim               night_owl.vim
base16_atelier_heath.vim              base16_google_dark.vim             base16_rebecca.vim                  nord_minimal.vim
base16_atelierheath.vim               base16_google_light.vim            base16_sandcastle.vim               onedark.vim
base16_atelier_lakeside_light.vim     base16_google.vim                  base16_seti.vim                     ouo.vim
base16_atelier_lakeside.vim           base16_grayscale_dark.vim          base16_shapeshifter.vim             owo.vim
base16_atelierlakeside.vim            base16_grayscale_light.vim         base16_shell.vim                    papercolor.vim
base16_atelier_plateau_light.vim      base16_grayscale.vim               base16_snazzy.vim                   peaksea.vim
base16_atelier_plateau.vim            base16_greenscreen.vim             base16_solarflare.vim               powerlineish.vim
base16_atelier_savanna_light.vim      base16_gruvbox_dark_hard.vim       base16_solarized_dark.vim           qwq.vim
base16_atelier_savanna.vim            base16_gruvbox_dark_medium.vim     base16_solarized_light.vim          ravenpower.vim
base16_atelier_seaside_light.vim      base16_gruvbox_dark_pale.vim       base16_solarized.vim                raven.vim
base16_atelier_seaside.vim            base16_gruvbox_dark_soft.vim       base16_spacemacs.vim                seagull.vim
base16_atelierseaside.vim             base16_gruvbox_light_hard.vim      base16_summerfruit_dark.vim         selenized_bw.vim
base16_atelier_sulphurpool_light.vim  base16_gruvbox_light_medium.vim    base16_summerfruit_light.vim        selenized.vim
base16_atelier_sulphurpool.vim        base16_gruvbox_light_soft.vim      base16_summerfruit.vim              seoul256.vim
base16_atlas.vim                      base16_harmonic16.vim              base16_synth_midnight_dark.vim      serene.vim
base16_bespin.vim                     base16_harmonic_dark.vim           base16_tomorrow_night_eighties.vim  sierra.vim
base16_black_metal_bathory.vim        base16_harmonic_light.vim          base16_tomorrow_night.vim           silver.vim
base16_black_metal_burzum.vim         base16_heetch_light.vim            base16_tomorrow.vim                 simple.vim
base16_black_metal_dark_funeral.vim   base16_heetch.vim                  base16_tube.vim                     soda.vim
base16_black_metal_gorgoroth.vim      base16_helios.vim                  base16_twilight.vim                 solarized_flood.vim
base16_black_metal_immortal.vim       base16_hopscotch.vim               base16_unikitty_dark.vim            solarized.vim
base16_black_metal_khold.vim          base16_horizon_dark.vim            base16_unikitty_light.vim           sol.vim
base16_black_metal_marduk.vim         base16_horizon_light.vim           base16.vim                          supernova.vim
base16_black_metal_mayhem.vim         base16_horizon_terminal_dark.vim   base16_vim.vim                      term_light.vim
base16_black_metal_nile.vim           base16_horizon_terminal_light.vim  base16_woodland.vim                 term.vim
base16_black_metal_venom.vim          base16_ia_dark.vim                 base16_xcode_dusk.vim               tomorrow.vim
base16_black_metal.vim                base16_ia_light.vim                base16_zenburn.vim                  transparent.vim
base16_brewer.vim                     base16_icy.vim                     behelit.vim                         ubaryd.vim
base16_bright.vim                     base16_irblack.vim                 biogoo.vim                          understated.vim
base16_brogrammer.vim                 base16_isotope.vim                 bubblegum.vim                       violet.vim
base16_brushtrees_dark.vim            base16_londontube.vim              cobalt2.vim                         wombat.vim
base16_brushtrees.vim                 base16_macintosh.vim               cool.vim                            xtermlight.vim
base16_chalk.vim                      base16_marrakesh.vim               dark_minimal.vim                    zenburn.vim
base16_circus.vim                     base16_material_darker.vim         desertink.vim
base16_classic_dark.vim               base16_material_lighter.vim        deus.vim